Swarming - add legacy report and dashboard prereq (#3663)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Swarming/Swarming.md

> - The above capabilities will be possible with limited downtime and as long as there is spare capacity. Initial versions will have limitations: some DataMiner functionality may not be included yet.
> - Swarming will not be available in DataMiner Systems with a [storage per DMA setup](xref:Configuring_storage_per_DMA) (Cassandra or MySQL).
> - Swarming will not be available in DataMiner Systems with [Failover](xref:About_DMA_Failover).

> > - Swarming will not be available in DataMiner Systems with [*LegacyReportsAndDashboards* soft-launch option](xref:Overview_of_Soft_Launch_Options#legacyreportsanddashboards).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - Swarming will not be available in DataMiner Systems where the [*LegacyReportsAndDashboards* soft-launch option](xref:Overview_of_Soft_Launch_Options#legacyreportsanddashboards) is enabled.
```
